inventory use case (#25)
ietf-wg-nmop/draft-ietf-nmop-digital-map-concept: draft-ietf-nmop-simap-concept.md

> from the perspective of what the value of the SIMAP for each use case is and how the SIMAP API can be used.
> This will also clarify if only read and if/when write interface is needed per use case.

## Inventory Queries

Network inventory refers to a comprehensive record or database that tracks and documents all the network components and devices within an organization's IT infrastructure.

Key elements typically found in a network inventory include:

> * Hardware Details: Descriptions of physical devices such as routers (and its line cards), switches, servers, network cables, , including model numbers, serial numbers, and manufacturer information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hardware Details: Descriptions of physical devices such as routers (including its internal components such as cards, power supply units, pluggables), switches, servers, network cables, including model numbers, serial numbers, and manufacturer information. These information will facilitate locating additional details of the hadware in the manufacturer systems and the correlation with the purchase catalog of the company. 
```
